# Knoxville Market Square Oral History Project

## Original Metadata

This project started in Google Docs at the link here: https://docs.google.com/a/utk.edu/spreadsheets/d/1Lqc_Zv27Y7lzZU0W9oe5f2pVwpcHKfcHF0QV20dqgcU/edit?usp=sharing

A copy of the data as handed over to the Metadata Librarian by Project lead (Ashley Maynor) is available in the Original Data directory. Both are locked from future editing as the project is now scheduled/will soon be ingested into Omeka and the files for ingest into Islandora (if that happens) have already been generated.

## Cleaned Metadata

The files there include the OpenRefine project for adding fields generated by the Metadata Librarian. These include all controlled access points that require a URI, internet media type, identifiers (based off of the filenames), language of cataloging, digital origin, and date_single/start (which is the machine-readable form of the date, although both date_text and date_single/start are EDTF encoded in this instance).

This metadata is destined for 2 platforms: Omeka and Islandora. A spreadsheet withe metadata mapped to Omeka/Dublin Core metadata standards is in the CleanedData/Omeka directory. This should be used for Omeka ingest. 

The metadata mapped and transformed into MODS/XML for Islandora and other future UTK platforms is in the CleanedData/MODSXML directory. These will be stored until agreement that the collection is to be ingested into Islandora or another UTK platform. The object files are not stored in this repository currently so will need to be preserved elsewhere.

The project documentation is available here: https://wiki.lib.utk.edu/display/DLP/DH+Projects
